Draft minutes 2025-01-14 (#130)
open-quantum-safe/tsc: meetings/2025-01-14/minutes.md

 - Input solicited on https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/tsc/issues/2 to further gain clarity on project status and goals
 - Agreement that two tables would help discussions going forward: sub-project/status and algorithm/status
 - Norm raises question whether status decision is "top-down" (from PQCA to OQS) or "bottom-up" decision: Hart confirms that status would not have to be aligned with TAC nomenclature/life-cycle document: It's for the sub projects to decide their status/readiness, not for PQCA GB or TAC; PQCA TAC only would reign in over-promising maintainers but not over-promise itself.
8. Ongoing discussion of research track / production track
 - Agreement that OQS is "a long way off" (Douglas) a "commercially supported" piece of software
 - Norm suggested work on criteria for dropping usage warnings; Christian seconded, suggesting clear cut statements what the project does, but also highlighting it's a "best effort" project only
 - General agreement that it would need more commitment, particularly by the commercial entities to improve OQS; Hart and Douglas to take this to the GB
 - General consensus that the committer base must be broadened
9. Other business.

>  - Agreement to try to bring more NIST on-ramp algorithm authors to contribute (Hart already reaching out; Basil pointing out that second round closes in February; Douglas stating his reach out had limited success)

Reviewer: I seem to remember the "limited success" here referring to attempts to reach out in previous iterations of the NIST selection process, as opposed to the signature on-ramp. Not sure if I understood correctly or not.

Reviewer 2: Indeed; I've just commented with a revision that reflects what I intended to say (although perhaps it didn't come across that way in the meeting)

>  - Agreement to try to bring more NIST on-ramp algorithm authors to contribute (Hart already reaching out; Basil pointing out that second round closes in February; Douglas stating his reach out had limited success)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Agreement to try to bring more NIST on-ramp algorithm authors to contribute (Hart already reaching out; Basil pointing out that second round closes in February; Douglas stating that efforts to get contributions from NIST submission teams from the original PQC rounds 1/2/3 had limited success for teams we didn't already have a strong connection with)
```
